#source: http://www-01.sil.org/iso639-3/codes.asp?order=639_1&letter=%25

ab	abk	abk	Abkhazian	
ae	ave	ave	Avestan	
af	afr	afr	Afrikaans
ak	aka	aka	Akan	
am	amh	amh	Amharic	
an	arg	arg	Aragonese	
ar	ara	ara	Arabic	
as	asm	asm	Assamese	
av	ava	ava	Avaric	
ay	aym	aym	Aymara	
az	aze	aze	Azerbaijani	
ba	bak	bak	Bashkir	
be	bel	bel	Belarusian	
bg	bul	bul	Bulgarian	
bi	bis	bis	Bislama	
bm	bam	bam	Bambara	
bn	ben	ben	Bengali	
bo	bod / tib* 	bod	Tibetan	
br	bre	bre	Breton	
bs	bos	bos	Bosnian	
ca	cat	cat	Catalan	
ce	che	che	Chechen	
ch	cha	cha	Chamorro	
co	cos	cos	Corsican	
cr	cre	cre	Cree	
cs	ces / cze* 	ces	Czech	
cu	chu	chu	Church Slavic	
cv	chv	chv	Chuvash	
cy	cym / wel* 	cym	Welsh	
da	dan	dan	Danish	
de	deu / ger* 	deu	German	
dv	div	div	Dhivehi	
dz	dzo	dzo	Dzongkha	
ee	ewe	ewe	Ewe	
el	ell / gre* 	ell	Greek	
en	eng	eng	English	
eo	epo	epo	Esperanto	
es	spa	spa	Spanish	
et	est	est	Estonian	
eu	eus / baq* 	eus	Basque	
fa	fas / per* 	fas	Persian	
ff	ful	ful	Fulah	
fi	fin	fin	Finnish	
fj	fij	fij	Fijian	
fo	fao	fao	Faroese	
fr	fra / fre* 	fra	French	
fy	fry	fry	Western Frisian	
ga	gle	gle	Irish	
gd	gla	gla	Scottish Gaelic	
gl	glg	glg	Galician	
gn	grn	grn	Guarani	
gu	guj	guj	Gujarati	
gv	glv	glv	Manx	
ha	hau	hau	Hausa	
he	heb / iv* he Hebrew	
hi	hin	hin	Hindi	
ho	hmo	hmo	Hiri Motu	
hr	hrv	hrv	Croatian	
ht	hat	hat	Haitian	
hu	hun	hun	Hungarian	
hy	hye / arm* 	hye	Armenian	
hz	her	her	Herero	
ia	ina	ina	Interlingua	
id	ind	ind	Indonesian	
ie	ile	ile	Interlingue	
ig	ibo	ibo	Igbo	
ii	iii	iii	Sichuan Yi	
ik	ipk	ipk	Inupiaq	
io	ido	ido	Ido	
is	isl / ice* 	isl	Icelandic	
it	ita	ita	Italian	
iu	iku	iku	Inuktitut	
ja	jpn	jpn	Japanese	
jv	jav	jav	Javanese	
ka	kat / geo* 	kat	Georgian	
kg	kon	kon	Kongo	
ki	kik	kik	Kikuyu	
kj	kua	kua	Kuanyama	
kk	kaz	kaz	Kazakh	
kl	kal	kal	Kalaallisut	
km	khm	khm	Central Khmer	
kn	kan	kan	Kannada	
ko	kor	kor	Korean	
kr	kau	kau	Kanuri	
ks	kas	kas	Kashmiri	
ku	kur	kur	Kurdish	
kv	kom	kom	Komi	
kw	cor	cor	Cornish	
ky	kir	kir	Kirghiz	
la	lat	lat	Latin	
lb	ltz	ltz	Luxembourgish	
lg	lug	lug	Ganda	
li	lim	lim	Limburgan	
ln	lin	lin	Lingala	
lo	lao	lao	Lao	
lt	lit	lit	Lithuanian	
lu	lub	lub	Luba-Katanga	
lv	lav	lav	Latvian	
mg	mlg	mlg	Malagasy	
mh	mah	mah	Marshallese	
mi	mri / mao* 	mri	Maori	
mk	mkd / mac* 	mkd	Macedonian	
ml	mal	mal	Malayalam	
mn	mon	mon	Mongolian	
mr	mar	mar	Marathi	
ms	msa / may* 	msa	Malay
mt	mlt	mlt	Maltese	
my	mya / bur* 	mya	Burmese	
na	nau	nau	Nauru	
nb	nob	nob	Norwegian Bokm?l	
nd	nde	nde	North Ndebele	
ne	nep	nep	Nepali
ng	ndo	ndo	Ndonga	
nl	nld / dut* 	nld	Dutch	
nn	nno	nno	Norwegian Nynorsk	
no	nor	nor	Norwegian	
nr	nbl	nbl	South Ndebele	
nv	nav	nav	Navajo	
ny	nya	nya	Nyanja	
oc	oci	oci	Occitan	
oj	oji	oji	Ojibwa	
om	orm	orm	Oromo	
or	ori	ori	Oriya
os	oss	oss	Ossetian	
pa	pan	pan	Panjabi	
pi	pli	pli	Pali	
pl	pol	pol	Polish	
ps	pus	pus	Pushto	
pt	por	por	Portuguese	
qu	que	que	Quechua	
rm	roh	roh	Romansh	
rn	run	run	Rundi	
ro	ron / rum* 	ron	Romanian	
ru	rus	rus	Russian	
rw	kin	kin	Kinyarwanda	
sa	san	san	Sanskrit	
sc	srd	srd	Sardinian	
sd	snd	snd	Sindhi	
se	sme	sme	Northern Sami	
sg	sag	sag	Sango	
si	sin	sin	Sinhala	
sk	slk / slo* 	slk	Slovak	
sl	slv	slv	Slovenian	
sm	smo	smo	Samoan	
sn	sna	sna	Shona	
so	som	som	Somali	
sq	sqi / alb* 	sqi	Albanian	
sr	srp	srp	Serbian	
ss	ssw	ssw	Swati	
st	sot	sot	Southern Sotho	
su	sun	sun	Sundanese	
sv	swe	swe	Swedish	
sw	swa	swa	Swahili
ta	tam	tam	Tamil	
te	tel	tel	Telugu	
tg	tgk	tgk	Tajik	
th	tha	tha	Thai	
ti	tir	tir	Tigrinya	
tk	tuk	tuk	Turkmen	
tl	tgl	tgl	Tagalog	
tn	tsn	tsn	Tswana	
to	ton	ton	Tonga	
tr	tur	tur	Turkish	
ts	tso	tso	Tsonga	
tt	tat	tat	Tatar	
tw	twi	twi	Twi	
ty	tah	tah	Tahitian	
ug	uig	uig	Uighur	
uk	ukr	ukr	Ukrainian	
ur	urd	urd	Urdu	
uz	uzb	uzb	Uzbek	
ve	ven	ven	Venda	
vi	vie	vie	Vietnamese	
vo	vol	vol	Volap?k	
wa	wln	wln	Walloon	
wo	wol	wol	Wolof	
xh	xho	xho	Xhosa	
yi	yid	yid	Yiddish	
yo	yor	yor	Yoruba	
za	zha	zha	Zhuang	
zh	zho / chi* 	zho	Chinese	
zu	zul	zul	Zulu	